**Privacy Policy**

Amr Saraya built the Clock app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Amr Saraya at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Clock unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

**Log Data**

I want to inform you that i don't collect any personal data or information about users.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-12-21

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at amrmsaraya@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
